# Deep General Purpose MLP Neural Network Primitive

This is a Java-based deep neural network primitive based upon the unit installed in my radio astronomy [pulsar detector](https://github.com/gwyche/nn_pulsar_classifier). Unlike that neural network, this primitive has several advantages. The pulsar detector read data from a MySQL database and input vector dimensions were hard-coded, meaning that input data needed to conform to a fixed dimensionality. This new algorithm reads from a CSV file and is able to autodetect the dimensionality of its datasource, adjusting the size of the input vector dynamically, with the further option to tailor the input vector dimensionality to be greater than the dataset's dimensionality, thus permitting the user to experiment with adjusting the number of input and output vector zeroes to tune training performance. As in the other project, this NN can be scaled to any depth based upon the user's selection. Performance is good, though poorer than the earlier design's and later versions will incorporate autonomous training management code similar to the kind I wrote in VBA to manage training of a recurrent neural network. This will act as a countermeasure in the event that numeral instabilities threaten model health. The unit is not set up yet to receive an arbitrary input vector and classify it for the user, instead relying upon evaluation data vectors pulled from the end of the same array that contains training data to quantify learning effectiveness. Version 2 will overcome this limitation and will be designed for instantiation, laying the groundwork for later construction of multi-primitive architectures. 

